add fixed curvature lookahead parameters (#390)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: configuration/packages/configuring-regulated-pp.rst

>   Description

Reviewer: Missing migration guide entry

Author: Added

    The minimum speed (m/s) for which any of the regulated heuristics can send, to ensure process is still achievable even in high cost spaces with high curvature. Must be ``> 0.1``. 

:use_fixed_curvature_lookahead:

  ============== =============================
  Type           Default                      
  -------------- -----------------------------
  bool           false                        
  ============== =============================

  Description

>     Don't base detecting curvature on the lookahead distance, which varies with velocity, introducing a reference cycle that can be problematic for widely varying lookahead distances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Whether to use a fixed lookahead distance to compute curvature from. Since a lookahead distance may be set to vary on velocity, it can introduce a reference cycle that can be problematic for large lookahead distances.
```

:curvature_lookahead_dist:

  ============== =============================
  Type           Default                                               
  -------------- -----------------------------
  double         0.6            
  ============== =============================

  Description
    Distance to look ahead on the path to detect curvature.

> 

Reviewer: Add to the YAML file at the bottom of this page

Author: Done
